Ported the gdb backtrace from NAV2 (#4190)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Intermediate/Testing/CLI.rst

Debugging tests with GDB
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> "For detailed guidance on debugging tests using GDB, refer to the `GDB Tutorial <file:///home/gaurav/ros2_documentation/build/html/How-To-Guides/Get-Backtrace-in-ROS-2.html#debugging-tests-with-gdb>`__."

Reviewer: this points to your local file system.

actually can we just remove `Debugging tests with GDB` section?

Reviewer 2: With a correct link, I think it provides value by being more discoverable. I had multiple coworkers ask me how to do this.

> "For detailed guidance on debugging tests using GDB, refer to the `GDB Tutorial <file:///home/gaurav/ros2_documentation/build/html/How-To-Guides/Get-Backtrace-in-ROS-2.html#debugging-tests-with-gdb>`__."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For detailed guidance on debugging tests using GDB, refer to the :doc:`GDB Tutorial <../../../How-To-Guides/Getting-Backtraces-in-ROS-2>`.
```
